[Grid] Revamp the Virtual Scrolling article (#2109)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/virtual-scrolling.md

        DataSourceResult result = GridData.ToDataSourceResult(args.Request);

        args.Data = result.Data;
        args.Total = result.Total;
        args.AggregateResults = result.AggregateResults;
    }

    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        GridData = new List<Product>();
        var rnd = new Random();

        for (int i = 1; i <= 1000; i++)
        {
            GridData.Add(new Product()
                {
                    Id = i,
                    Name = $"Product {i}",
                    Stock = rnd.Next(0, 100)
                });
        }
    }

    public class Product
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; } = string.Empty;
        public int Stock { get; set; }
    }
}
````

## Setting a Value for the PageSize Parameter

Set the `PageSize` parameter to an `int` value. The `PageSize` determines how many rows are rendered at any given time and how many items are requested from the data source when loading data on demand. For optimal performance, use a page size that fills the grid's data viewport without being excessively large.

## Considerations

> Virtualization primarily enhances client-side rendering performance and improves the user experience. However, it comes with the trade-off that certain features of the grid are not compatible with it. An alternative approach is to utilize [regular paging]({%slug components/grid/features/paging%}) combined with [manual data source operations]({%slug components/grid/manual-operations%}) to achieve the desired data retrieval performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtualization primarily enhances client-side rendering performance and improves the user experience. However, it comes with the trade-off that certain features of the Grid are incompatible with it. An alternative approach is to utilize [regular paging]({%slug components/grid/features/paging%}) combined with [manual data source operations]({%slug components/grid/manual-operations%}) to achieve the desired data retrieval performance.
```

> List of the known limitations of the virtual scrolling feature:

Reviewer: Use a complete sentence instead of a fragment.
```suggestion
These are the known limitations of the virtual scrolling feature:
```

* [Hierarchy]({%slug components/grid/features/hierarchy%}) is not supported.

* [Grouping]({%slug components/grid/features/grouping%}) is not supported. [Loading Group Data On Demand]({%slug grid-group-lod%}) is supported, however.

## See Also

  * [Live Demo: Grid Virtual Scrolling](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/grid/virtual-scrolling)

>   * [Documentation: Selection in Grid with virtualized rows]({%slug components/grid/selection/overview%}#selection-in-grid-with-virtualized-rows)

Reviewer: * Use title case capitalization as in the first list item.
* As we are in the docs, you don't need to call this out.
```suggestion
  * [Selection in Grid with Virtualized Rows]({%slug components/grid/selection/overview%}#selection-in-grid-with-virtualized-rows)
```

>   * [Knowledge-Based Article: Virtual Scroll does not show all items]({%slug grid-kb-virtualization-many-records%})

Reviewer: Edit the "Knowledge Base Article" part in the next two anchor links as well.
```suggestion
  * [Knowledge Base Article: Virtual Scroll Does Not Show All Items]({%slug grid-kb-virtualization-many-records%})
```
